next week is allreact the week after we
start the hunt we have data structures
algorithms Big O notation and then
everything we need to do to be
successful in the job hunt so
buckling folks next couple of weeks are
going to be wonderful uh we got a lot of
wonderful stuff planned a lot of things
that are going to help you cross that
finish line but the big piece the thing
that we need to get done is the MVP so
when we are going into the job hunt we
want to have a hundred hours project a
project that we have sunk a hundred
hours into to complete and when we're in
our interviews we can say hey this is
something I built right this is
something I built this is something that
was something I wanted to to bring into
this world right and I did it now the
MVP is the minimum viable product the
simplest version of that idea that can
convey what you want to have happen to
your users and the the full MVP is is a
way of taking that 100 hours project
right of taking that hundred dollars
project and Distilling it into something
smaller a little bit more manageable
right a little bit more manageable that
you can get done in a shorter time frame
and then continue to sync your hours
into
right so I'm going to show you an MVP
that I think looks decent that well
looks good and
um was from one of our alumni and we're
going to talk through it and then I'll
answer some questions and then I'm going
to show you some other things we can do
uh to get your MVPs across the Finish
Line in time
all right
uh so here's uh Nicholas levino's
they're now a software engineer at ciao
now which is kind of like a food
delivery competitor right and so they
have uh spilled the tea with us here on
uh Discord uh Daddy Yankee for those
that remember them from the first cohort
and this was the app that they built for
their MVP of their 100 hours project and
it's funny because you think about your
100 hours project as being something
right as being something that can tie
what you did to your future right so a
lot of times a hundred hours project
right A lot of times 100 hours project
can
um can help explain what you were doing
before and be the bridge into what
you're doing in the future or you can
even tie things you were doing recently
Nicholas got a client that was a chef
right so they had a freelancing the
freelancing client they got was a chef
so they built out a wonderful website
for this Chef then their
100 hours project was food related right
and then they got a job at ciao now
which is also in the food space so you
can kind of see how the building blocks
are there to be a good fit for a company
like child now right they had a good
freelancing client
they had a good 100 hours project that
was in the same vein and then that
opened them up to an opportunity at a
company like ciao now right it was able
to connect exactly the dots and so I
really like this because you can sign up
nice beautiful photo on the front nice
beautiful font on the front nothing too
complicated here remember like if you're
thinking like
um MVP right if you're thinking like um
something simple
right you don't have to go wild nothing
too too big on the front page when you
log in
um same login should look a little
similar here folks you look a little
similar here
should look a little similar here folks
and you log in
and the beautiful thing is you can
upload recipes right and so you can
upload your recipes you can tag them
with the country you can view the recipe
right and then in the recipe you have
um kind of the ingredients the
directions you can like it and you can
save it right so the extension here is
they they built on right they built on
what we had covered in class but made it
their own
right right they made it their own they
made it so that it was not a social
media post but a recipe post they made
it so that it you had the directions
they made it so you still had the core
functionality that we had there like the
liking and stuff but they also had a
favoring feature and so now I can
explore all the recipes I can go to my
favorite recipes which are bookmarked I
don't know why my LastPass is freaking
out I can go to my recipes that I
uploaded and I can add a recipe right
it's gonna start slowing down because
there's probably a lot of us on it now
but um I can add my recipe I can see
what country it comes from I can say the
different dish types I can add
descriptions ingredients directions
upload files right and so it's not
it it it's not
a wild leap from what we did with binary
upload boom but they made it their own
they tied it to their story right and
they kept it simple there's nothing here
that we haven't done right they extended
it to be something that was meaningful
to their story something that they could
use as they kind of go into the hunt and
there's not a lot here there's no fancy
styling it looks clean it looks crisp uh
it has the ability to do some really
interesting features and it's just a
good way of building out an MVP and so
you can see that they're still not even
like text right uh they're still like
they did they didn't worry about going
like they didn't worry about they didn't
stress over the copy I see so many folks
when they start building out their MVP
they're stressing the text no stress the
functionality right stress how you're
going to extend what we do a binary
upload boom to be something that you
want to create right and so this had all
of the trappings of binary upload boom
but all the little bit extras to make it
their own
right and so this is what I what I
really like right the idea here this is
a simple MVP it had a a few extra bits
of functionality which was like the the
favoriting right it had a slight
modification what we already did which
was instead of it being a social media
post it's a recipe and directions uh and
even on the explore page you saw that
they kind of changed up the
um
right you saw that they they kind of
changed what like was showing for the
Post right so this is like the feed but
they add some extra stuff they add in
the usernames
um they add in like these little Flags
which I really like right and so this is
just an MVP they got a job before they
finish this
right like they they didn't need to keep
work they got the job so they got the
job pretty quickly and so this was their
MVP and with the MVP they got the job
huh
EP
got the job it's almost like we're gonna
start the hunt with just our MVP being
done and then as we're in the hunt we'll
finish our
our 100 projects hmm almost like that
could be a possibility
just saying all right
all right and so the idea here is right
like you don't have to do the most for
your MVP think about what you want to
build slight incremental changes keep
the styling clean add your little touch
to it and that's a good MVP
oh
uh this is on Heroku
um right now I think most folks are on
Heroku next week I'm gonna I keep saying
I'm gonna push it but I really am trying
to wheel and deal here uh there are
plenty of alternatives to Heroku that
you can explore on your own I'm probably
on Sunday for our super review going to
kind of pick my choice for like projects
going forward
cool
what's wrong with paid Heroku it's paid
and we want to do everything for free
here the whole point of this boot camp
is to help folks that were affected by
the pandemic a lot of folks that lost
their job where money is very tight
learn how to code and get a job that
takes them out of that situation so
anything unfortunately that has a cost
is out the window for a hundred devs I
will probably continue to pay for Heroku
amayan but it's not something I'm going
to incorporate into my lessons because I
want it every single thing to be free
oh
uh laments if you're new here you could
definitely hang around we're going to be
um jumping off very quick this is just
kind of like a quick
wanted to show folks a few things before
they start working in a project night so
if you're new here we often especially
towards the end of the program where
we're at a lot of our nights become
building nights it makes no sense if
you're learning to code please stop what
you're learning and build something with
it it makes no sense to just learn and
then never apply it that's how you don't
actually learn how to code so what we do
is we learned we spent the past couple
of weeks learning how to build full
stack web applications with
authentication that had multiple
wonderful collections that had all this
really rich functionality and now folks
are taking all that code and expertise
that they learn and extending it into a
project of their own design so that's
that's what we're doing so tonight I'm
gonna stop talking very soon we're going
to jump on to another platform that we
use called Remo where we can work
together we also use Discord exclamation
point Discord and chat if you want to
join our Discord 40 plus thousand people
on Discord now uh you can get all your
questions answered about learning how to
code we have wonderful help channels so
yeah definitely join us there
Daddy Yankee's in the chat hey how you
doing Daddy Yankee hey Daddy Yankee can
we get you to come back and do another T
spill
I think this cohort needs it as part of
hunttober
the legend in chat let's go
uh woven exclamation point unban
we'll take a look at it
all right
so
for those that don't know what our tea
spills were last cohort as we got into
like our Mega summer when we were kind
of doing the hunt
um those were uh those those were kind
of where we brought in folks that
already getting jobs and they told us
everything about kind of how they got
the job how they secured it uh how
how
what the boots on the ground take was
for them getting a job so that's what I
loved about the Tea spills so many folks
want to tell you about how to get a job
but that's something I can't the
perspective I can't get you right the
perspective I can't give you is what
it's like to be an entry-level Dev
getting a job right now so I like to
bring in folks that are doing it in the
moment uh to tell you what their
experience is like and the most
beautiful thing about the celebrations
Channel right now is since I asked you
all to do it when folks get jobs they're
they're they're they're putting
they're they're putting like
they're putting like essays in that
celebration Channel about how they got
the job what they studied who they
talked to there's dates on this stuff
now like y'all are doing the most that's
why I was like this is getting
ridiculous in the celebrations channel
right uh Curtis uh just just popped off
in that celebrations Channel today right
so I love to see it I really appreciate
everyone that does it so when you get
that job and you post the celebrations
channel the more details the better
because we need to see how you're doing
it right we want to see boots on the
ground experience how you're locking
down these jobs what type of questions
people are asking right so that you're
not just taking it from me the beautiful
thing I get to do is I do this all day
long I talk to hundreds of folks getting
jobs I help hundreds of folks get jobs
so I have a rough idea but nothing's
better than you seeing it straight from
the people that are doing it and so that
celebrations Channel Wild
all right Daddy Yankee's in for the
t-spill let's do it
I'm excited
all right
um now Daddy Yankee just said in chat
that they use bootstrap uh so what
you'll notice right what you'll notice
is that
there was a
like in in Daddy Yankee's kind of MVP
and in my kind of binary boom code it
just looked decent like it looks decent
right out the gate because it's
bootstrap right the beautiful thing
about Daddy Yankee's is that that like
feed page looked great bootstrap right
and so bootstrap's been around for a
while it's a quick way to just add some
simple styling to your site and I think
for a lot of folks if they just use
bootstrap the the first MVP you make
doesn't just look plain hot garbage
right bootstrap can make it look just a
little bit beautiful without really
having to do too much uh all the cool
kids these days are using things like
Tailwind
um and so I just wanted to show real
quick like how easy Tailwind can be so
um let's create a replet real quick
we'll do an HTML one
and
uh so Tailwind has a bunch of different
components that you can use and when we
get to react next week you'll see like
how easy it is to use the components
inside of react but even right now you
can just get the HTML code for each one
and so if you go to their website they
have a bunch of free ones right on
actual Tailwinds actual website and then
there's also sites like Daisy UI which
are completely free so I just want to
show you how easy this is so if we just
go to like their docs they give us like
a script to put in the head of our
document so I'm going to copy that
script
I'm gonna put it in the head of my HTML
and then I can just literally go to this
hero
and copy this hero
put it in my in my uh body here
and I'm just gonna save it let it run
and let's open this in a new window
boom
like what
like that was what three seconds and now
I have like this beautiful nav like a
beautiful uh beautiful like H1 that I
could fill out buttons to get started
and there's like other stuff on this
site too so if I go back to their
components let's look at some like their
feature sections anything that doesn't
have a lock on it is completely free so
let's just join this one let's look at
the code yep copy I'm gonna go down here
all right paste it all right let's run
it
let's refresh
all right beautiful so it's completely
responsive
uh it took it takes like three seconds
and your site doesn't look like hot
garbage right uh it's a little weird
running in the replet but uh so the
Tailwind could just be really speed up
your development especially for an MVP
right this is this is this is an MVP
your your design won't be complete your
style won't be complete you're trying to
show the raw idea of what you're trying
to do when you extend binary upload boom
right and so to make it just not look
ugly or not a hot mess you could just
join these uh components and have a
really nice landing page have a really
nice kind of uh different pieces
throughout your site
um the unfortunate thing about their all
their components is that they're behind
like a paywall uh so you'll notice that
some of them have like a lock so you
can't use all of them but there are open
source versions as well
um that where everything is completely
open
um so Daisy UI we mentioned this I
believe in the
um
the office hours on Sunday but there's
just all these components that are
completely free
um so let's see how to use let's grab
the CDN
I'm gonna put this at the top of my HTML
file and of course like you would
optimize this it's just me going super
fast and
you know
demonstrations purpose so put that in
there and then let's see what we can
grab from the UI here because these are
all just open like none of them behind
our paywall or anything that's
completely free
um let's let's add a footer
all right here's some Footers
uh I like this footer right here let's
grab the HTML boom
let's go to end of our document here
boom
and let's run it
all right let's take a look over here
uh did I put the actual Link in oh let's
run it again
oh sorry I'm a little I still have a
little bit of a cough uh use
install
CDN I grabbed the right thing
um
I put it in the right spot let's see
so much we just copy and paste it
I might have put it in the wrong spot
let me just undo that
I put it inside the other script tag my
bad
grab this
there we go uh and then let's add that
footer to the end
put it over here
HTML yoink
boom
there we go
run it
beautiful now we got a beautiful a
beautiful footer all right that just
that just looks good oh boy look at that
second try
right and so this is what
really like like a minute two minutes
and you have a landing page for your MVP
so there there the beauty of things like
Tailwind is that uh one it can speed up
kind of like your CSS but there's also
all these components that have already
been written for you specifically with
like open source things like Daisy UI
and so when you're building out an MVP
don't Focus please don't focus on how it
looks focus on your functionality and
then grab some components from Tailwind
boom you're done that's your MVP then
you'll take the rest of your 100 hours
to refine it right you'll take the rest
of your 100 hours to to make it look
exactly the way you want it to look and
um it just it like MVP should be quick
it should be dirty it should be just the
core functionality but when you use
things like bootstrap or Tailwind
especially with these components
um
it can look good too right and so that's
why we say like a beautiful MVP now if
you've been writing your custom CSS
that's great I just know a lot of folks
have been like sweating like getting the
MVP done and making it look not horrible
by Tuesday this is just a quick way that
you can you can get it done
yeah
can you make stuff technically you could
I wouldn't but technically you could
yeah
cool another thing too is like somebody
give me somebody give me like the the
industry that your MVP is in
like what is what is the MVP and like
what industry in chat for me
Fitness all right I saw Fitness First
all right
so I also like to just look at other
designs so you can go to dribble but I
also just like looking at templates so
uh Fitness
all right look for one that has like a
lot of sales and good Stars there's a
lot of sales good Stars
let's look at the live preview
so technically this is a template oh
it's not look good
well if you're if you're doing like a
gym site like a gym like a gym sign up
like this could be it uh this is a 20
template I'm not saying I'm not showing
this for you to buy the template I'm
showing it so you can kind of look at
the design
right so you can quickly see the design
like all right it's a carousel up top
and then you can go find a carousel in
Daisy UI right it's uh it's kind of like
a what's next and like two different
cards right so people get hung up on the
design right and so it's just easy to
come and take a look at some other
templates
um and see like the way that they did
the design so that you're not spending
your Cycles on design right you could
quickly kind of code this out
um but you're you're if you're not a
designer you're not stressing about that
part right
um
you can look at other ones that are in
that same idea so that's kind of how I
think about your MVP right you're you're
you want to get you want to get the core
idea done
right you want to get the core idea done
something that's going to extend the
binary boom that covers something that
you're interested in and then for the
actual design of it you can look at
something like theme forest find some
good ideas coded out or just throw
together
um some some lovely Tailwind components
and things like that so
the hard part is plugging into the ejs
that's why I kind of like the tailwind
and bootstrap approach because nothing
has to change with your ejs like it's
all all the classes are just in your
HTML right so you're not actually
loading anything extra that's what
that's what makes it good for ejs
right
I'm using an HTML5 up template using the
elements page for styling hell yeah
exactly that's what a good place to
start
yep exactly so with Tailwind the
components when you get the react it's
even easier in my opinion
how late will you accept the MVP on
Tuesday
um I'm gonna I'm gonna give folks 24
hours from when class starts
so from when class starts on Tuesday we
jump into react you got 24 hours to
submit it
I really want to join 100 devs when's
the next cohort we don't have any plans
for next cohort yet uh you can still
join the ketchup crew right so we have
folks that join us every single day that
want to learn how to code that want to
get a job uh and so you can join our
ketchup crew uh folks are starting from
the beginning every single day our
Discord is a wonderful community of
folks that'll help you get unstuck uh so
please uh definitely don't feel like you
have to wait for the next cohort to get
started and the thing for the next
cohort is we have a lot of stuff to
figure out nobody's done a live coding
boot camp at scale before there's a lot
of things that we want to dial in get
right make sure that we can support
folks the way that I want to support
them and once we figure all that out
then we'll do another cohort
mm-hmm
we'll react to replace ejs it could be
for a lot of your 100 hours project it's
about 50 50. for some folks they're
already too deep in their 100 hours
project they don't want to add react
everybody the other half they get a lot
of value out of the react they add it to
their 100 project it'll be up to you
react starting Tuesday yep
and then we start October the week after
yeah
and we have um on I we haven't
officially announced it yet but uh we're
gonna be doing like special events all
throughout October
um and so we're gonna have uh RC's very
job mother the person that literally has
their boots the most on the ground
helping folks get jobs uh they're gonna
help us kick off onto where we're gonna
do a Discord stage
um if you want somebody that's literally
talked to hundreds of employers that is
literally negotiated contracts for
hundreds of people that's literally like
helped hundreds of people get jobs uh
that'll be two Mondays from now so not
this upcoming the following Monday yeah
I will announce all this stuff ahead of
time too but just we got a lot of fun
stuff planned yeah
cool
alrighty other questions about the MVP I
want to make sure that we if folks have
questions about it I know it's a big big
ass to get all this done so I want to
make sure that if there's people that
have questions
um we could do it can we do Raffles
actually we do have a raffle from the
um
the uh from the newsletter uh where I'm
gonna actually help somebody do all this
stuff
uh any idea when YouTube will be updated
uh hopefully uh by Tuesday that's my
goal is to get it up by Tuesday
cool
uh GitHub repos are fine for the MVP
you don't have to have it hosted yet
since we actually haven't since since
Heroku is changing and we need to switch
to a different provider I'm just going
to ask for your GitHub repo if you take
the the extra initiative to find a new
provider that you like that's cool uh
but we're I want to have a class where I
show you how to host it on the new
provider that we're going forward with
before I ask is that a requirement so
GitHub repo is fine
um if you host it that's even better but
we'll have a class on like hosting our
projects with the new service that we
choose
mm-hmm
if you're having trouble with the polar
crash jump on Discord jump in a voice
call folks are more than happy to help
you yeah
uh what inspired we have a lot of new
folks today I can see a lot of like the
first time chats uh for folks that are
new uh this is 100 devs we're running a
free 30-week software engineering boot
camp uh we originally started during the
pandemic I'm not a doctor I'm not a
nurse I wanted to do something that
could help folks what I do know how to
do is hopefully I think teach people how
to code and I have a lot of experience
getting folks jobs in Tech and so
instead of having folks pay 20 30 grand
for a freaking boot camp we decided to
do it free live online
there's a lot of things that you have to
do to like get access to stuff but all
the classes are free on YouTube like you
can you can just go to our YouTube
explanation point YouTube here and chat
leonardo.com YouTube every single class
is on there
um I don't even the YouTube's not even
monetized so there's no ads or anything
all the materials are on Discord
um so you don't need to there's like
nothing that stands in your way if you
just join Discord and follow on YouTube
everything's there for free
um and I'll never put any of my content
behind a paywall
um I I really think this education
should be free for everyone and that's
what we're doing and we've helped
hundreds of folks already get jobs and
never listen to somebody on the internet
that claims that they have gotten folks
hundreds of jobs go into our
celebrations Channel and see the
hundreds of people that have gotten jobs
foreign
devs come from I wanted to get a hundred
people jobs and I [__] did it we
[__] did it
this community did it uh and so
um that's where 100 devs comes from
we're way past 100 now though
yeah
cool all right
electric codes hey thank you for the
gifted Subs uh thank you for being here
um we should change it to a thousand
devs I think I'm pretty partial to the
hundred devs now uh cool so that's where
I went to show I wanted to give some
folks some some ease some comfort around
the idea that the MVP is just an
extension of binary upload boom make it
do something different make it look not
trash by using something like bootstrap
or Tailwind don't be afraid to grab
components don't be afraid to look at a
design as something that's similar in
your industry and just code out those
pieces and let's take
the rest of the evening
to work together now don't run away
whenever I say this people run away they
don't put in the work tonight's your
night you're here let's put in the work
uh you can either join us on Remo uh
which is for folks that are new around
here it's a platform where you can sit
down at a table it puts you in a voice
chat with everyone at that table it's a
it's a fantastic platform it does have
its quirks
um but work together tonight
just even if you want to be just
headphones in screen up and you don't
talk to anyone that's fine you don't
have to do it alone uh it's very
important that we get these MVPs done
it's a key part of the hunt it's
something that you need if you want to
get the job and so uh let's put in that
work tonight to get the MVPs done let's
not do it alone let's do it together
good message today
I think about where you have started
started We're not gonna say from the
bottom now we're here we're pulling the
Drake lyric but we were we were fussing
with HTML
we were on the Block worrying about
blocks we were worrying about tags we
worrying about brownies
then we were then we were tossed up in
CSS and then JavaScript whoa remember
remember when remember when JavaScript
first started and Woe Is Me with John
we're still a little as me with
JavaScript I've been doing this for a
long time it still was me with
JavaScript a little bit
remember the first time he did a code
Wars
what
remember the first time you saw no and I
was throwing big words at you
that we didn't understand so you taught
him he treated him as disrespect we were
using HTTP modules FS modules we were
learning about the event Loop we were
bringing back in objects and then we
added Express to the mix
then we threw in mongodb and then we
threw in authentication and now we're
building full stack web applications and
a huge chunk of you right now are
building your own full stack web
applications right now
like just take a second
take a second
and Savor how far you have come
right
David hey congrats on the client Savor
how far we have come how you have gone
and got week after week struggle after
struggle building after building and now
we're almost at the end folks this is
where the rubber meets the road it's
time to get close to the hunt it's
almost time to start the hunt and this
is the culmination of all your hard work
so MVPs are due
don't take yourself out the game I'm
giving you a whole nother week to get
these MVPs in these beautiful MVPs I
should say
I'm Gonna Leave the Remo rooms open for
this whole week
get on Discord ask for help get on
Discord help others that are trying to
pull them across pull themselves across
this Finish Line of the MVPs
all right jump into the Remo room say
hey I'm going to be on Remo at this
table I'm going to leave it open all
week
right this is this is this is the moment
where we actually live up to being
Community taught
throw on Discord hey I'm gonna be a
remote table five first floor for the
next hour and if nobody shows up nobody
shows up who cares
right but you tried try and bring as
many people across that finish line as
you can
cool
and in that spirit
right and in that spirit
we're extending the deadline so we can
bring as many folks as we can into
hunttober so we can have that dedicated
group of folks that are ready to start
the hunt they're ready to get the job
and then once we figure it out and we
get it working we'll be there for the
ketchup crew when they get to that point
as well got some more jobs folks we got
some more jobs I want to take a second
to read through these I want to talk
very briefly about hunttober and then
we're gonna pop off so you can finish
your MVPs
all right uh Katie codes just signed an
offer my first uh I was getting sick
towards the end of the first cohort
sicker and sicker I was in the hospital
all of October half of November did
chemo recovered finally started to feel
better in July and August and I signed
an offer
what
let's [__] go
don't ever take yourself out the game
don't ever take yourself out the game I
love it it's low pressure a non-profit
they believe in four blocks from their
house while they recover it's perfect
a
congrats that's huge don't take yourself
out the game y'all come on now
uh I think I shared this a little bit
before but it's official
I finally got the job I'm so excited and
grateful for this community hashtag
Community taught uh and everything I've
learned from it I want to share a bit
about my journey here thank you for
sharing the details
um
first off when Leon mentions people
getting jobs by coding a button I didn't
want to believe it
there's another button store I'm out
first off when Leon mentioned people who
got jobs by cutting button I don't
believe it but it's true [__]
bruh
100 buttons next boot camp next cohort
just buttons
uh but it's true I landed a six-figure
fully remote front-end developer
position
um for a role at a specific Company by
coding basic HTML CSS and JavaScript
that's it
so just know that those jobs are
definitely out there uh wasn't an easy
Road
uh can't stress enough having an online
presence and building in public helps as
you all are building your MVPs share
right share your MVP on Twitter share
share the things that you're building uh
through the community use the 100 devs
tag right let other folks see it
uh get your LinkedIn filled out build in
public show everyone what you're doing
even if nobody is engaging with your
post if somebody shares their MVP on
Twitter and they use the hundred devs
hashtag just give them a follow I mean
let me not follow like give them like a
like right just give them a like help
boost it right help other folks see it
that aren't in their Network that aren't
in your network
uh that's how I managed to get four
interviews without ever applying to a
single job
four interviews without ever applying to
a single job they all found me through
Linkedin I went from still grinding this
past Tuesday to getting the offer during
class on Thursday while he was shouting
out the celebrations Channel shout out
to celebrations Channel a different
ghost hey what's up uh so shout out to
celebrations Channel I I have 12 on the
slides there is way more in the
celebrations Channel like I literally
I literally couldn't put them all in
here and there's like ones I did like I
think they're just better read in the
celebrations Channel blah hey thank you
for the gift of Subs hope you're doing
well
in the house
all right so basic HTML CSS and
JavaScript six figures
getting a click apply they didn't apply
to a single job it's just their link did
make sure your LinkedIn is crispy is a
requirement for hunttober make sure your
linkedin's crispy folks you're saying it
wow hope you're doing well
all right
I used to scroll through this Channel
and dream of the day it'd be my turn to
post today is that day
back if I began networking with the lead
Dev at my company this is huge if you
already have a job one of the best
things you can do is just network with
the other engineers at your company
right so many folks get that first shot
in Tech that first shot uh at something
that's that might not be engineering or
even tangential just because they're
they're talking to other folks at their
company
um
I'll be okay in the future one month ago
began the helper QA role part time last
weekend internal QA another position was
posted I applied and I got work today
the role is mine let's go congrats
uh
would not gotten this far without the
hundred devs Community all the basic
Engineers become friend with Community
taught networking Works uh I got like
someone decided to give me a chance to
break into Tech onwards next stop
software engineer let's
no
let's go let's go I love this example
because you'd be surprised just
networking with the individuals at the
job you're already at a part-time job
you're already at can lead to some
amazing things
uh Curtis hey looks like we're popping
off this week it's finally my turn to
join the celebrations Channel I love the
shout out table eight from the very
first Remo session uh their twitch
streams uh the 30 plus study group for
all the support along the way shout out
to study groups
uh we have to write the accountability
structure and motivation the rest of
communities helped me get past Roblox I
love that right Community Helping get
past roadblocks and provide a lot of
encouragement along the way they signed
an offer letter for AWS oh man come on
now
come on now how many folks do we have at
Amazon now this is ridiculous
we just got like a small club at Amazon
now it's what like at least four or five
this cohort like what
get out of here you always need to link
up I hope you all are linking up I'll
I'll try and facilitate that somehow
be on the team that does video
transcoding
um make sure you're all doing your Anki
cards networking and go getting now I
will also say
um that Curtis specifically in the
celebrations channel has a huge thread
that gives way more detail and they ask
that we not post it so of course it's
not here but if you go into the
celebrations Channel a lot of the folks
that I am sharing right now have shared
more uh in the threads and so if you're
not looking through those threads you're
missing out on a lot of value that's
being posted there that's going to help
you in your job hunt and so make sure
you're going through the celebrations
Channel make sure you're looking at
these threads because folks are really
taking the heart hey when you get the
job please please yes make the
celebrations post but then tell us the
details tell us what it was like
interviewing tell us what it was like to
to to to go through that experience
because that is the most valuable thing
we have right now is like real boots on
the ground understanding of what the
market is like what people are looking
for and you can't get that anywhere else
and so when you when you post share more
so that we can learn and incorporate
that into our hunt
cool
I love that folks are still getting
their paid clients I finally got silver
I got a paid freelancing client over
over okay
over a thousand what that's wild to me
that that what was I don't remember the
final number it was over half a million
it was over half a million in client
work can we just stop and think about
that for a second it's probably way
higher now that other folks are getting
their clients done but our community
brought in over a half a million dollars
in client work
half a million
that's the start of equity right like
that's the start right like we built
something really special
but the idea that it's free is not
enough the idea that folks have also
made half a million dollars while going
through program that that's when it
starts to be real that's when it starts
to be what what I'm envisioning right
like it's one thing for be free but it's
one thing to also make some cheddar
along the way and so congrats on getting
the paid client that's huge
I love they shot out the palm the
Pomodoro crew vcg fam a
all right I like this too because this
this is just showing you what what can
happen uh I have a weird one I got a
major promotion because of 100 devs I
love it
uh I caught the attention the powers
that be a long story short I'm now the
lead instructional developer and working
on complete redesigning our training
process uh they like that I uh because
they're so excited about the way I
relearned how to learn and I was using
the things I learned in 100 devs to help
teach our new hires in a way that helped
them better retain I was making some
simple tools to help current teams so
they took the learning how to learn
knowledge and they used it on the job
this is police this is what we're going
to talk about post hunt but one of the
best things you can do
the easiest dub you can ever have when
you join your company right the first
three months on the job matter the most
when you join a new company and one of
the easiest dubs you can have is to
document the entire process of joining
that company no one at the company can
have that experience of what it's like
to be an engineer day one at that
company and if you can build better
tools better documentation here's where
I got this resource here's how I how I
uh connected to this database here's how
I did this and you have the road map of
what it's like to be day one on the job
of that company right
every person that comes after you will
think you're the goat
right every single person that comes
after you is going to read that
documentation they're going to see that
you're the person that helped them when
they were stuck
right and they're gonna see you as that
person day one and so please make sure
that you're bringing this learning how
to learn this ability to help others
into your job like the whole nature of
us being Community taught like a nice
thing but it's a real thing that's going
to help you on the job as well
cool
uh uh hello everyone last week I had an
interview at an analyst role I got the
job let's go uh the recruiter contacted
me a few weeks ago about the role in
LinkedIn I applied prepared some
projects related to the role uh used
Banky to tweak answers and unlike my
past interviews I was really confident I
was going to get this job today they got
back to me they were really impressed
about how much preparation I had done
for the interview you go through hunt
Tober you will be a lean mean
interviewing machine you'll be well
prepped for your interviews if you're
doing your code Wars you're doing your
Banky you're going to be ready for these
interviews
uh I expected them to negotiate a lower
salary starting salary with me instead
they increased it so now I'm going to
start with double the starting salary in
my country hey thankful to the mods and
everyone in this community for help uh
special thanks to leveler provide so
many useful tips I'm willing to help me
out on the last note make sure you do
your Anki
make sure you do your Anki and your
daily coding challenges
are you noticing a theme Here
you
you noticing a theme Here folks
I'm starting to notice a theme here I
don't know if anybody else is starting
to notice a theme Here hmm
trying to know the theme here
I would have said maybe I should do Anki
maybe you should do maybe you should do
Anki maybe we should do a little bit
more Anki everyone could do a little bit
more Anki I can do a little bit more
Inky you can do a little bit more Inky I
think we all do a little bit more Anki
I know we're fancy we're gonna say Anki
today
all right small celebration ah not ain't
small I don't know nah
got my first freelancing client that's
huge uh in a relatively small town which
is always super hard took a while but it
paid off just introduce yourself with
what you do Bob Vance Van's
Refrigeration let's go
uh let's make a bank Channel we do have
a Banky voice Channel now
we do have a Banky voice thank you to
blah for setting that up
you can jump in there and go through a
Banky with the rest of the crew
sign my first junior junior software
developer offer
no real big post to mine or anything but
truly grateful for this whole Community
I love it
top five rappers of all time Thailand
Island
hey yo congrats
I finally got my paid client signature
love it don't take yourself out the game
folks working with clients is a tricky
business it can take a long time
congrats Corky
all right
I got the job super excited to share
that I signed an offer letter for a
six-figure fully remote role as a front
and software engineer and I didn't have
to click apply or even Network my way in
let's go they came to me the recruiter
for the role reached out to me on
LinkedIn God damn it
going
what's going on
what is going on
no God please no no no no
no
[Music]
uh Leon there are layoffs right now are
you aware that there are layoffs right
now lay on their layoffs uh tech stocks
down
I don't know about these jobs things
get the [__] out of here
get out of here
we had two people that even they didn't
even apply
they didn't even apply
it's not even like
foreign
don't ever listen to somebody on the
internet like don't listen to me just go
to the freaking celebrations Channel
like what
they're not even clicking apply they're
not even networking they're literally
coming to them
anything's possible
just do it
so just
it's it's just that that's blowing my
mind
all right biggest takeaways trust Leon
I jumped ahead and learned react super
early did a million leak code problems
but none of it was needed I'm getting
this tattooed
this is going on my thigh
I jumped ahead and learned to react
super early that a million Lee code
problems and none of it was needed oh my
gosh that's going on my wall
I did these things because I'm a code
weenie and I had too much free time and
they absolutely not needed to get a job
LinkedIn is everything yep
uh even completed my interview uh
recruiters asked me on the interviews
every day Leon gives good length of
advice I really like Danny Thompson I
love it that Danny Thompson's the goat
when it comes to LinkedIn uh definitely
I'll share their videos in the follow-up
on the follow-up materials Channel today
um because we're seeing linkedin's
coming to big big uh big deal here
network network
and uh huge thanks to Leon and the mods
Ayo shout out the mods
cool
and they got some wonderful things here
I'm gonna actually read this I think
this is important for folks to hear I
graduated college a year ago with 60k in
debt and no idea what I went to do with
my life I wasn't really on all of you
yes you if you're here right now they're
talking about you
don't take yourself out the game all of
you I generally had no idea where I'd be
and what I'd be doing right now but I'm
here with my dream job and making this
post now if you're anything like me you
might be reading this feeling a little
frustrated that it's not you writing
this you might feel like everyone around
you is getting all these wins you might
want to give up but don't seriously like
I said a few weeks ago I had the exact
same feeling and now I'm here keep
grinding keep doing your Anki and
networking and I promise you'll be
making one of these before long
let's go let's go thank you for the
encouragement Michael that's huge
we don't get got we go get
I'm happy to announce that accepted a
front-end developer position I'm a high
school dropout with an eight year plus
Gap in employment history yes
oh my gosh this is like the biggest this
is the biggest reason so many folks take
themselves out the gander look we don't
have a gap in my employment history I'm
never gonna get a job
cap
in my country the idea of a community
developer still far from the norm I
followed the process did not send out a
single application but instead networked
my way in and got referred by a
recruiter if I can do it you can do it I
wish you all a successful hunt Tober
boom
special shout outs go to the the react
Banky study group Europe eh I love all
little study groups everyone in the
introverts Channel Hey and most of all
thank you to divker for everything they
do you truly went above and beyond how
yeah ifker is the secret weapon to a
hundred devs uh they they make sure this
all all works if it wasn't for difficult
none of this would be happening right
now so I love the Israel
uh fun fact I've written
1800 Yankee cards and reviewed them 19
000 times
let's go
000 times let's go hell yeah no doubt
why you got a front in depth position
let's go
all right with that we're gonna end it
we're gonna stop here
folks are getting jobs it's wild in
these streets you're so close don't take
yourself out the game I'm giving you an
extra wink leak to get all your hunt
Tober submissions in
all right you have an extra week to get
all your hunt Tober submissions in right
now we're gonna move to Remo please
don't just go and work by yourself jump
in a Discord voice call even if you
don't say anything you just see other
people talking you're just hanging out
absorbing the the not being aloneness
right jump in a Discord voice call jump
on Remo work through these MVPs together
if you already turned in your MVP thank
you you are an MVP now bring somebody
else along with you we are Community
taught this is not a solo dolo
experience you're here to help everyone
get across the Finish Line together
please let's stop take a quick break if
you need it or you know not if you
should take a quick break jump in a
Discord voice call or jump into Remo
finish up these beautiful MVPs if you
need help ask for it on Discord we're
gonna come back on Thursday recover
covering the beginnings of react we're
going to be back on Sunday to finish up
our back end super review we finish up
react next week we move into the hunt
we're talking data structures algorithms
we're talking Big O notation we're
talking about everything you're going to
be needing to get the job just like all
the folks I showed in the slides today
if you're here you're doing what others
wouldn't do
if you're here
you deserve to see yourself go to that
finish line if you're here you've put in
work that nobody else wanted to do a
whole lot of other folks that they
wanted it but it was all lies you're
still here you're still putting in the
work you're immensely proud of all the
things that you've done so far from
simple HTML to full stack web
applications don't sleep on all the hard
work all the hours all the tears all the
bugs you ran into it made you into the
phenomenal software engineer that you
are we got a few more things to finish
up a few more things to polish then
we're jumping into the hunt
so
we're going to stop here
remember we're Community taught if you
can't be kind get the [__] out jump in
these Discord voice calls jump on dream
I'm going to extend Remo so that's open
all week if you want to jump on with a
small group of folks and work through
MVPs together do it
all right buddy have a wonderful rest of
your evening full class on Thursday so
come ready right full class on Thursday
come ready and good luck finishing up
your work for hunt over it's wonderful
to see you all have a wonderful rest of
your day peace everyone